Feature/doc restructure quick guide (#17)
microROS/micro-ROS-doc: Quick_start/Windows_quick_start.md

1. **Run docker container for agent-side applications**

    ```cmd
    docker run -it --rm --name agent_docker ros2
    ```

1. **Download Agent-side repos**

    ```cmd
    md C:\A
    cd C:\A
    curl --basic https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microROS/micro-ROS-doc/master/repos/agent_minimum.repos > uros.repos
    vcs-import src < uros.repos
    ```

1. **Compile Agent-side**

    ```cmd
    colcon build
    ```

1. **Run Micro-ROS Agent**

    ```cmd
    cd C:\A\install\Lib\uros_agent\
    uros_agent.exe udp 8888
    ```

1. **Run docker container for client-side applications**

    ```cmd
    sudo docker run -it --rm --name client_docker ros2
    ```

1. **Download Client-side repos**

    ```cmd
    md C:\C\src
    cd C:\C
    curl --basic https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microROS/micro-ROS-doc/master/repos/client_minimum.repos > uros.repos
    vcs-import src < uros.repos
    ```

1. **Compile Client-side**

    ```cmd
    colcon build --cmake-args -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON
    ```

1. **Run publisher**

    ```cmd
    cd C:\C\install\Lib\string_publisher_c\
    string_publisher_c.exe
    ```

> 1. **Open new terminar in the running client-side docker container**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Open a new terminal in the running client-side docker container**
```

    ```cmd
    sudo docker  exec -it client_docker bash
    ```

1. **Run subscription**

    ```cmd
    cd C:\C\install\Lib\string_subscriber_c\
    string_subscriber_c.exe
    ```

> After this steps you will see how publisher and subscriber share messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After these steps, you will see how the publisher and the subscriber share messages.
```
